c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\CloneKiller.exe.config
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\CloneKiller.exe
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\CloneKiller.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller.g.resources
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller.exe
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\bin\Debug\ZetaLongPaths.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\Report.g.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\CloneKiller_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\Report.baml
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\SelectReportFolder.g.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloneKiller\CloneKiller\obj\Debug\SelectReportFolder.baml
