c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\ClickableProgressBar\ClickableProgressBar.baml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\ClickableImage\ClickableImage.g.cs
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\ClickableProgressBar\ClickableProgressBar.g.cs
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\TKControls.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\ClickableImage\ClickableImage.baml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls.g.resources
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\TKControls.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\GridSlider\GridSlider.g.cs
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\TksHelpers.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\TksHelpers.pdb
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\GridSlider\GridSlider.baml
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.xml
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TKCustomControls\TKControls\obj\Debug\TKControls_MarkupCompile.lref
